=pod

=begin html

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../podstyle.css" type="text/css" />

=end html

=head1 NAME

faddeeva - Faddeeva's rescaled complex error function w(z)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<#include <faddeeva.h>>

B<double faddeeva (const double ??, const double ?? );>

B<double faddeeva (const double ??, const double ?? );>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Faddeeva's rescaled complex error function w(z), also called the plasma dispersion function.

B<faddeeva> returns: ??

B<faddeeva_re> returns: ??

Allowed parameter range: ??

To compute w(z), a combination of two algorithms is used:

For sufficiently large |z|, a continued-fraction expansion similar
to those described by Gautschi (1970) and Poppe & Wijers (1990).

Otherwise, Algorithm 916 by Zaghloul & Ali (2011), which is
generally competitive at small |z|,
and more accurate than the Poppe & Wijers expansion in some regions,
e.g. in the vicinity of z=1+i.

=head1 ERRORS

On error, a message is written to stderr, and the program exits with errno
EDOM (?? out of range) or
ENOMEM (workspace allocation failed) or
ENOSYS (no convergence in the parameter range that ought to be fully supported; please report to the author).

=head1 RESSOURCES

Project web site: http://apps.jcns.fz-juelich.de/faddeeva

=head1 REFERENCES

Milton Abramowitz and Irene M. Stegun, "Handbook of Mathematical Functions", National Bureau of Standards (1964): Formula (7.1.3) introduces the nameless function w(z). 

Walter Gautschi, "Efficient computation of the complex error function," SIAM J. Numer. Anal. 7(1), pp. 187-198 (1970).

G. P. M. Poppe and C. M. J. Wijers, "More efficient computation of the complex error function," ACM Trans. Math. Soft. 16(1), pp. 38-46 (1990).

Mofreh R. Zaghloul and Ahmed N. Ali, "Algorithm 916: Computing the Faddeyeva and Voigt Functions," ACM Trans. Math. Soft. 38(2), pp. 15-?? (2011).

Steven G. Johnson, http://ab-initio.mit.edu/Faddeeva (accessed January 2013).

=head1 BUG REPORTS

Please report bugs to the authors.

=head1 AUTHORS

Steven G. Johnson [http://math.mit.edu/~stevenj],
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
  implemented the Faddeeva function;

Joachim Wuttke <j.wuttke@fz-juelich.de>, Forschungszentrum Jülich,
  wrote the man page and reorganized the code into an autotools package

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<dawson(3)>, B<voigt(3)>

=head1 COPYING

Copyright (c) 2012 Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Copyright (c) 2013 Forschungszentrum Jülich GmbH

Software: MIT License.

This documentation: Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike.
