=pod

=begin html

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../podstyle.css" type="text/css" />

=end html

=head1 NAME

voigt - Voigt's function, a convolution of a Gaussian and a Lorentzian

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<#include <faddeeva.h>>

B<double voigt (const double ??, const double ?? );>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Voigt's function V(??) is a convolution of a Gauss function and a Cauchy-Lorentz function. In this implementation, it is obtained as the real part of Faddeeva's scaled complex error function w(z).

B<voigt> returns: ??

Allowed parameter range: ??

=head1 ERRORS

On error, a message is written to stderr, and the program exits with errno
EDOM (?? out of range) or
ENOMEM (workspace allocation failed) or
ENOSYS (no convergence in the parameter range that ought to be fully supported; please report to the author).

=head1 RESSOURCES

Project web site: http://apps.jcns.fz-juelich.de/faddeeva

=head1 REFERENCES

Abramowitz & Stegun (1964), formula (7.4.13), for the relation to w(z).

See B<faddeeva(3)> for the implementation of w(z).

=head1 BUG REPORTS

Please report bugs to the authors.

=head1 AUTHORS

Steven G. Johnson [http://math.mit.edu/~stevenj],
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
  implemented the Faddeeva function;

Joachim Wuttke <j.wuttke@fz-juelich.de>, Forschungszentrum Jülich,
  implemented the Voigt function,
  wrote the man page and reorganized the code into an autotools package

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<faddeeva(3)>

=head1 COPYING

Copyright (c) 2012 Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Copyright (c) 2013 Forschungszentrum Jülich GmbH

Software: MIT License.

This documentation: Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike.
